touche
============================================================================

**touche** is a file template system for zsh. It saves you from typing the
same header and the same boilerplate for every file you create.

Touché comes with a small number of templates that you can copy to your 
template directory (`~/Templates` by default).

The Touché templates are designed to be sensible defaults, and some have
optional extra's. These extra's can be enabled by passing +flag to the
touche function. Read the individual template files for details.

Installation
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The touche function itself is a simple shell function. Source touche.sh in
your .zshrc to load it.

Then symlink the Templates directory into your home dir, or just copy the
templates you want. 

Usage
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    $ touche myapp.py
    $ touche Widget.cpp +gpl +svn

Touche doesn't empty files that already exist and instead updates access and
modification times. It also offloads to regular `touch` if it doesn't find a
template for the given file extension. Because of this, you can alias touch
to touche.

Writing templates
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Writing your own templates should be pretty easy: template files are fed
through the m4 macro processor. Some macro's have been predefined for you:

FILENAME, FILEEXT, FILE, DIR, FULLNAME, MONTHYEAR, YEAR

License (MIT)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject
to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

